welcome there pretty good
today we're doing a Christmas tech Paula
exciting fun stuff to show you guys
awesome cobblestone is my favorite
building in New York City in it and a
peach there's a case it's so beautiful
I'm telling you the weight of it alright
here we go
[Music]
Sam is right below us right here so if
he's downstairs
[Music]
that's Sarah
fidget spinning again all right moving
on first of four of us I got sent a wall
way watched you this video is actually
sponsored by wall way so I had the
opportunity to work with them recently
on a talk show it was super sick with
Jonathan Morrison and Austin the Huawei
watch 2 is Android wear so obviously the
majority of people using it will be
people with android-based phones but I
don't think a lot of people knew you can
actually use Android wear with your
iPhone so you're obviously not going to
be taking full advantage of the box when
you use your iPhone something that I
know is right off the bat about this
watch is it actually looks like a real
watch so if you don't dig how other
watches look well by 85% male audience I
would say this is like a very classic
looking watch so that was my toughness
test let's see if it survived the fall
ok so there's literally zero scratches
[Music]
they're trying to compete with the
popular we're done there so this is our
case is no charge in case you a plug in
via USB see my thing is straight out of
the box I want it to fit into my ear the
extra thing let's do another shape test
so the consensus if the other wireless
headphones aren't working for you but
you want something super small and
portable and sleek this is what is for
you but you're gonna have to add this
extender thing out every one is cold
let's see how these down because I think
it's half Comfort if they stay on your
ears and half
it's so troubling same song different
pair of headphones this isn't the best
sound but it's so much more balanced you
can actually hear a balance between the
bass and treble if you're an audiophile
maybe you would like these actually
better because the sound is just more
separated so you can really hear the sub
grade like treble mids I like just the
overall just normal sound better you can
definitely hear the bass better with
these you're looking for wireless
headphones that fit in your ear and you
haven't encountered anything this is
going to be your best option because of
the accessories that it comes with I'm
just not the biggest fan of the sound
but moving on John can see you while we
walk cores check it out I like you sorry
I like your strap my strap I live like a
normal watch I think that's my favorite
part about it yeah okay let's keep this
moving
hey so if you guys are in the
cryptocurrency world if you've invested
some bitcoins nerium like points you use
a internet exchange to buy and so a
popular one is coin based but those are
exchanges so it's not the safest place
to keep your cryptocurrency so this is a
hardware wallet where you can keep your
private keys on and yeah
store your cryptocurrency so I need to
learn more about it but it basically
just looks like a USB Drive so I will
keep you guys updated on how I did it
maybe some of the things
I'm invested in in a different video the
final item in the Christmas tech haul
2017-2018 it's almost 2018 guys I gotta
get my New Year's resolutions going
guess what this is
yes right now so if one mechanical
keyboard wasn't enough yo girl got one
for my Mac setup so this is the old
keyboard this is the new look at that
so this is where sleek of course this is
kind of just shocking it looks like a
like a typewriter
[Music]
this is where we're going to the one
world trade
last week I was in Texas John was moving
my family this week John's family is in
New York
where's transponders my mother this is
my brother yeah definitely he looked
just like me it's such a pleasure
hanging out and but right now we're on
our way to the World Trade Center and
guess what I got my watch I'm just gonna
see how many steps it is to the top
let's take the stairs just kidding I
don't think I can take the stairs
[Music]
right here chillin in a mall in downtown
man who flew embrace the Huawei watch to
capabilities I would definitely use it
on a Android device but I have been
using it with my iPhone I get message
notifications I can track my steps and
fit them and there's handy watch faces
to keep track of the time and
temperature so I'm pretty basic when it
comes to my needs for a watch and this
would actually definitely work if you
are a u.s. user and you just want a more
classic watch
back at the apartment I'm doing
something I haven't done and literally
nine months I know it's very specific
but I looked back on my Instagram I have
not worked out or gone to a gym of any
kind in nine months
that is sad because I like being a
productive human especially when it
comes to making videos and work but
sometimes I'm neglecting my person also
I just want to do a quick shout out to
my workout clothes it is a cat knocking
over a cup of coffee saying I do what I
want
let's see how many steps I have taken
today I only have worn the watch for
five hours but living in New York you do
a lot of step it those already moved on
to the next day because it's past
midnight hell he has work needs to be
done you know you gotta stay up late
6425 steps are you guys ready to go
around a mile with me it's been so long
I don't even know if we're gonna make it
to be honest
[Music]
[Applause]
that was hard that was difficult burned
129 calories John I did it
did you I ran my own actually did I did
and you're smelly from here if you guys
want to check out the Huawei watch to
please check out the link in the
description below I actually chose the
wrong workout I should have chosen
treadmill trip treadmill
instead of running because I ran for 13
minutes that that's I usually run a mile
at the worst at eight minutes so I got
like five extra minutes of running I am
so my gosh you are fired but it fit I
hope you guys enjoyed the Christmas tech
haul and had the happiest of holidays
let me know if you like this video hit
that subscribe button down below for new
videos every single week copper the
peachy fan we created we awesome and
shout out one more time to Huawei it is
amazing with sick companies like that
want to support the peachie fan a most
creative family on YouTube the must
create a family in the world in the
globe and in the universe
alright guys I'm tired I usually don't
exert myself like this physically stay
PG okay bye
[Music]
you